I really do.
That trash Lin Fan sang for Nalan
What? You ruined him?
He actually said that he only cooperated with him on some project
Lin Fan, this ignorant trash
How could he really gain President Nalan's appreciation?
There's something wrong with this.
When I find out his problem is his death
Yes, the face is this face.
But here's the thing.
We can't get involved in this project at all
What are you afraid of?
Now you are the CFO of the company.
In charge of financial investment, etc
Just cut that waste in half in project funding
Then there is a problem
Delayed progress
His good days are over
Brother is enough
We're going back. We need me
There is a problem with the evening project recommendation.
I didn't expect it.
In order to compete with me for Lin's, good brothers in the country
I'm really willing to spend money
First, use tens of billions of projects to buy turbid Yanran color friends
Just to monitor my every move
Even more willing to put their own secret lover
Send it over as a secretary
The tens of billions of funds launched by the project have arrived 1 billion
You can't pack the rest
Use money to be a dog
That's not very clever
But money is not an ordinary eccentric
He actually let him lead Chu Sheng directly
Be the company's chief financial officer
What should I do now?
Where is less
passed